1. Now my two-time alma mater, I will miss being a student at this University.  Despite it's faults (which I assume every school has in the opinion of the attendees), USF from my experience has the most caring, competent, and notable professors that contribute greatly to the academic experience you will have while there.  There is a lot of history on the main campus as well as many newly added facilities when it recently got a face lift.Across the street from the main campus (also on Fulton Street) is the law school.  If you want a unique legal education with fantastic opportunities to build your skills before truly entering your career as an attorney, this is the place to be.  Zief Library is a beautiful building with many staffed librarians armed with all the resources you need to successfully complete a research issue and draft various legal documents.

2. Did the MBA program. Really good. Awesome professors. Good learning. Superb with Analytics. My interest was in Marketing. Digital Marketing was hardly touched. So if you do this, be sure to supplement your learning by taking it into your own hands; like with General Assembly's Digital Marketing course.Also, the scene with placements and jobs is not active. Needs to be more aggressive and aligned with timeline of company hiring for internships, jobs etc. No on-campus interviews are held. They keep asking you to log into 'Symplicity' portal which has not top-level jobs. They did hold some great Speaker events though.It's an MBA that gives you everything you need to know in Entrepreneurship, Finance etc. Great cultural interactions here with students from across the world. And fab location of the MBA campus - downtown San Francisco. But remember to take your learning and career forward on your own with isolated focus. People who did that went far immediately, to Deloitte, Google and Cisco.Posting this as I know students in far off countries seek info to make critical life decisions online. I am happy with what I did get from USF - Strategic & Analytical thinking. And experience with roadmapping in running the Marketing Club as President. That was the first thing that gave me a sense of taking charge, executing ideas, making things happen for a new audience with new kinds of responses in a new country. The best course, the meat of the MBA was - Strategic Management in a Global Environment by Roger Chen. :)

3. Lost $55 app fee to USF.  Called the director of Graduate Programs and they Informed me they hadn't received anything, not even college transcripts and had nothing to evaluate.  I then called the Records Dept of USF and they had received my transcripts for more than a month.  I didn't appreciate the conflict so I requested a refund after talking with the USF Admissions PM. They didn't respond, however they still decided to do processing  of my application and keep the money.    Not an honest school and they are a Catholic institution. Go figure.  I just read the reviews and appears I have avoided further issues.   I really wanted to go to USF, but now I know.

4. USF would like to convince you that it's a diverse, liberal, social justice oriented school as a part of its feel-good marketing sales pitch.They're very image conscious, but on the inside once you've enrolled you might see a different story.But quite frankly, I have never seen such Machiavellian school administration and teachers as I have from USF in my whole entire life. That's not to discount the good teachers I did have in USF.They're more like Mr. Burns in Simpsons, than they are, Mr. Rogers in Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood. That's from my actual experience there.-USF Alumni

5. Review is an outsider's view of the campus.I recently visited USF on an informal walking tour.  I was immediately struck by how beautiful the campus was and the surrounding neighborhood very nice (I had no idea!)There are some really gorgeous structures on campus and it's located in the middle of a neighborhood, but doesn't overwhelm it, nor detract from it.When I visited, it was very warm and there were lots of students enjoying the outdoors.  I was particularly glad to see an ethnically diverse student population, not something you always find at other universities.In all, USF is an impressive looking school - small, urban and clean.  I look forward to returning for a formal tour with my daughter this summer.5 stars.

6. As much money as they make off of us, their students, you think they could funnel a little more into hiring better staff. Everyone (save one nice man in the office) that I've had the displeasure of interacting with is incredibly rude and unhelpful. They often just try and talk over you until you leave, or give you major attitude. Even the bookstore employees vary from kind to yelling, rude and uncooperative trying to kick you out ten minutes before they're due to close. It's just upsetting. Its like what, 50k a semester to go?

7. Rude! Rude! Staff! Katherine carter? Or krcarter@usfca.edu I emailed her asking a simple transfer question on the nursing program since her name is listed as the point of contact. A month passes and still NO reply. I then called and was told by the person on the line to try to email her because she doesn't answer her phone. I then told them I HAD emailed her a month a go and had not received a response I had even sent her a second email. So then the person finally transferred me to this ladies line. She picked up the phone and was extremely rude and already blaming me for not sending her an email. I argued with her a bit and told her I am looking at the email I sent you right now yes that is your correct email I sent it 4 weeks ago. She was short and cut me off and said " well I will get to it when I get chance, but all of our information is on the website." (Smart tone ass voice). She then said "well I will email you some information when I have time." Hung up. Wow!! Nope don't want to go to this school dealing with people like that! To this day it was been 3 months now and I have not received a reply back. Way to go USF! I am glad I won't be going to your campus.

8. I highly do not recommend this school.  I received a Masters from here and I've come to find out that I am missing courses that are required for licensure.  When I called the school and spoke with Donna, she stated that many students have phoned and she has had to tell them all that they are (as I am) missing two required courses and that it was our responsibility, as students, to take those required courses at another college, as USF does not offer them.  Why were we not told this?  When I asked Donna, she stated, "I don't know, as I wasn't part of that decision."  When I attended the school, I had a miscarriage one semester and the Ethics teacher, Dr. Patterson, asked me to do an extra credit assignment for the two classes I missed (One class I missed because I lost the baby and the next week, I was in the hospital). While the other teachers expressed sympathy and asked me to complete an extra credit assignment, Dr. Patterson had a different game in mind. In addition to the extra credit assignment, he had me take the exam and said I must repeat the class if I got anything less that 90%.  I got 95% on the exam and he then insisted and forced me to retake the entire class.  How ethical is that?I have also had quite a lot of difficulty with the administration department, both when I was attending and now.  The admin staff does not return phone calls and I have found that the only way to get what I need is to drive to the school and talk to the admin staff in person.  I really have deep regrets for having attended this school and now I'm stuck with two extra courses I need to take  - at another school.

9. I am just three weeks away from finishing my first year at USF, I was admitted into their Nursing program after applying three different times. I love USF, personally I have never been in an educational environment, where every single student you come across wants to learn and has so much to offer. It is a great school, and if you can afford it I would highly recommend it. They truly care about educating the whole person, I am so happy in my decision to come here.

10. When I was applying to colleges, I had no idea where I would end up but I wanted to be close to home (somewhere in California) After getting admitted to UC irvine, St. Mary's, Mills college, and USF, I had to choose where to spend my next four years. I decided on USF because it's a private school (no furlough days or impacted classes) I loved the school's location and the amazing people there. I lived in the dorms my first two years and met some of the best people from all over the world. There were a lot of international students in my classes.After being in the biology program for four years, I can honestly say it was the best experience of my life!! I took really interesting biology classes and worked in research. My professors were awesome. They have taught me a lot about biology and life in general. I have no regrets. I've met life long friends and made so many memories with the greatest people. My sister goes here now too. I mean who wouldn't love going to school in the best city ever?

11. This is for the part time MNA (Masters of Nonprofit Administration) program. My cohort was told by USF administration an array of perks and benefits about the program that ended up being false. From the length of the program, to the cost, the flexibility of the program or the ongoing scholarship amounts. When I was admitted to the program, I was given 2k in merit scholarships, and then with one simple email to the admissions counselor, he magically was able to bump it up to 4k after I said that my employer wasn't able to contribute. I was thrilled. He informed me that while that exact amount wasn't guaranteed year to year, it was possible, depending on the pool of money at the beginning of any given school year. NOW, 1 semester into the program we are told by the administration that YOU WILL NOT GET ANY ADDITIONAL SCHOLARSHIP MONEY for the remainder of the program. They "like to save that money for incoming students." Bait and switch.There is a high level of distrust that my cohort and I have, we even went to the director of the program. He met with us, talked in circles and ended up not providing any remedies for THEIR mistakes, misprints online and smoke screens that the admissions office had told us up to the start of the program. Already 2 have dropped from the program, wasting over $6,000. Sad.For a program that has been around for 30+ years, I was hoping for more professionalism. Unless you need a specific graduate degree within the nonprofit sector, please look elsewhere.

12. I am a prospective transfer student hoping to attend the university! I attended the transfer info session and campus tour. I have to say I was amazed in the environment and resources that the university provides for the students. The campus is beautiful, I met a few professors who were very forthcoming, and everything around it in San Francisco is great! Can't wait!

13. It had been quite some time since standing on the university grounds.  I was pleasantly surprised to see all the modern building additions to the campus.  Being a small Jesuit University, one can obtain an excellent education with a personal, more intimate feel than some of the larger institutions.  In the City, infinite resources abound!

14. Attending here for my graduate studies for Business School of Management - attaining my Master of Science in Organization Development.The entire application process was pretty direct & easy to navigate, the admission response time was quick, the graduate advising office was very nice & helpful, the orientation day was flawless & well put together with keynote speaker even though it was an 8 hour day. The faculty is hysterically passionate about their job, Dean was very personable, intriguing classes, emphasis on ethics & morals which I love, & I am not Catholic but this is a Catholic Jesuit School & their style of teaching is very unique & innovative.The down side, the parking is more difficult & expensive since my classes are at the downtown SF campus. It's expensive for parking in downtown but then again it's the city for you, as expected.

15. The bookstore is run by total morons. Don't buy anything from here. They sell you things Usf gives you for free including expensive software.

16. I wish that I could give this school a 0 star review. As far as the school being disorganized, that is very true. I was not impressed by the ability of the administration to help anyone. It seems that when they drop the ball, it is the fault of the student no one else. The campus is pretty but it is a glorified high school with a HIGH price tag. The classes are okay but not worth the tuition that is charged. To me it seems the type of people that go to USF are the type that want to be part of a USF clique. A status thing. The school stresses academics but most of the students I interacted with did not have a clue. In the end, USF seems like a money mill that is concerned with its bottom line and gaining more money by misleading students with it's feel good tag lines. As far as financial aid make sure that is in order as I know a few people who were promised the world and received nothing but an excruciating bill. BUYER BEWARE!

17. Overpriced food, beautiful architecture, good professors/researchers, small student/teacher ratio, somewhat inflated tuition, and a strong curriculum. Definitely meets Jesuit academic rigor, but also underrated.  Undergraduates are mostly idiots, but I guess that goes with the territory.Incompetent administration and silly polices - agreed.Still, if you take the good with the bad, on the whole it is more good. Also, I love the social justice theme, and it is not touted as being religious.  I have not encountered any religious preaching or moralistic crap.  In fact, the Jesuits are pretty hands off about this stuff because the undergraduates are pretty decadent, and no one seems to care.All in all, I cannot say it is a waste of tuition because the things being taught here are quite cutting edge, at least in my field.

18. So many critical reviews! Haters gonna hate.Caring, passionate professors don't exist here? THAT'S A STRAIGHT UP LIE!Disorganized departments? UNHEARD OF!I'm a Communication Studies major, graduating in 2014. All the articles and books I've ever read for core and non-core classes have been highly enlightening. There have been so many interesting and thought-provoking reads!I just have to say that my professors have been beyond awesome! Every school will occasionally have some "eh" professors but the majority of mine have been crazy cool, highly intelligent, passionate, caring and supportive. THE LIBRARY IS AMAZING! It's fun to just get lost in there and explore.Quality computer labs all around the campus. They converted what used to be Parina computer lab and Parina (spacious) lounge that were right next to each other into a huger study area with some private study rooms with TVs/computers.Price is definitely an issue. I WOULD NOT be able to attend this crazy great school if it weren't for the generous asses in charge handing out grants to the students who could use them. I'm really lucky that because of USF's financial aid, I'm able to get a quality education in, arguably, the most beautiful and greatest city in the worldThe crime rate could be lower. We occasionally receive crime bulletin emails from USF. I wouldn't say security sucks because when I lived on campus, I'd see campus security always patrolling around. I'm generally careful walking on the outskirts of campus and have never felt threatened.The campus itself really is beautiful, especially the view from Lone Mountain.For the most part, I've never met any disgustingly snobby people during my time at USF.I thought people were especially friendly freshman year, in the dorms, since everyone'sgetting to know each other so just be social and open that first year.Stay away from the $$$ cafeteria if you're broke.Dorms were okay, not horrid.

19. Took a test here the other day. Beautiful campus. That's all I'm reviewing. The experience of being on this campus. Up on a hill. Fantastic set of stairs leading up. Quiet buildings. Never realized it was a Jesuit women's institution! That would explain the Virgin Mary's everywhere. Even a bell tower that chimes every half hour. Just gorgeous.

20. Hands down the most beautiful campus in San Francisco...Awesome professors and students.  Students get a lot of attention at USF.

21. Wow - I am really shocked at some of the negative reviews here. Some people just seem to focus on petty negatives and I also think those reviewers don't realize how grateful they were to experience such a great school. I swear I'm not doing PR for the institution but I was in a terrible place 3 years ago where I was hopeless in getting accepted anywhere (I was living in Europe), and USF gave me a chacne when nobody would. Since that day I have kissed the ground of the school and focused on the positives because you really are lucky if you can get a great, quality education.Anyway...I just graduated this summer!This is my final review for USF, and my experience here these past 2 years couldn't have been more positive.First of all, nearly every class and teacher has been of the highest quality, and they have always cared about my learning and had some sort of personal connection with me. There were maybe 2 professors I wasn't crazy about (who definitely weren't crazy about me either) but that's always expected at any school. Main thing about this school:You are not just a number at USF.Although I was a transfer which made it difficult to make friends initially (transfers tend to befriend transfers), I have yet to meet a douche at this University. The straight guys are the types I wish I could've gone to High School with. People here are open-minded, progressive, but not aggressive or overly bohemian about it. I'll confess, USF is full of stylish, cultured, well-mannered students. I truly love the diversity of this school too. Beyond the aesthetics of having ridiculously hot people on campus, the campus itself is obviously stunning. I love that it is compact and so central in the city. They really take pride in being a San Franciscan institution. Do not come here if you want to be cloistered on campus at dorm keg parties; at USF the campus is both the literal place but more importantly the city itself. I loved the general education classes, particularly Ethics and Theology, and they all taught me to think outside the box without any hidden agenda. As a Marketing major, I think I would've been better off in Advertising, but the business school was still good. Just beware, if you're not a math/numbers person, the School of Management at USF places a HUGE emohasis on all of that. Accounting/Finance/Quantitative Business Analysis/etc galore...which I wasn't a fan of. The Assistant Dean at the School of Management is anything but a sweetheart and she can make life a bitch, but everybody else is quite helpful and dedicated to the students' well-being. All in all, come to USF if you're an open person who likes urbanity, diversity, and a challenging curricumlum, but also a school that allows a healthy degree of study/life balance. The place sparkles, the campus is ultra-clean, and everybody here has a good heart. I loved my experience here, USF has been so good to me, and I thank them for that.

22. Cool

23. I must admit, USF was my third choice behind Cal (my dream school who rejected my application) and Arizona State which I knew nothing about other than it was located in a desert and the students were known to party. As a transfer student from a small junior college, I was seeking to finish my education at a larger school. So with Cal ripping with my heart out, Tempe was now set as my final destination. I had already committed to attending ASU and even had a dorm room waiting for me. But my then girlfriend was accepted down the road at Santa Clara and at the last minute puppy love won out and changed my mind and enrolled at USF so that I could be closer to my future ex.USF is located in a large urban area, and it took some time for me to adjust to big city living. But in time I finally felt at home. And scoring a dorm room in Lone Mountain helped. The view from my unit was spectacular. My room faced north towards the Golden Gate Bridge. The one drawback from living there was being in the Upper Campus left me feeling like I was living on an island and I felt a little cut off from the Main Campus. The Lone Mountain Steps may look beautiful from the street, but try walking (or running) up and down those things a few times a day. I found the teachers to be quite good and very accessible. The class size was small and added to the personal experience. My counselor (I wish I could remember his name), met with me on a regular basis and made sure I was on course to graduation. He also helped facilitate the process of making me "GE Certified", which means that any junior college transfer student who comes in with an AA degree will not have to go back and take additional required lower division coursework. This saves time and LOTS of money, so if you are close to earning your AA, I highly recommend you look into this.The bookstore is small and is in need of an update. I am a fan of the main library, and I believe is as of this writing is going through a makeover. The gym is in need of an update as well as the mens basketball program which has underachieved since making it's return back in the mid 80's. The alumni association does an excellent job at keeping in touch and is a great networking tool.Looking back, going to USF was a positive experience and continues to be a part of my life. My wife and I married there on 2/14/2004 and often look at our photos taken inside St Ignatius and on the Lone Mountain Steps which bring back many fond memories.

24. World's Best Schooooool

25. There are impacted majors, especially in the arts departments. I was not permitted to add a major for this fact. $60,000 a year apparently doesn't pay to provide enough staff.

26. Proud USF alum who couldn't be more happier with my choice to attend USF. Here's the good, the bad, and the ugly:The Good:- Professors: Great student to professor ratio. A lot of state universities and UCs hold classes with nearly a hundred students. The highest number of students in any of my classes never surpassed 40-45. Having fewer students per professor allows the professors to actually pay attention to the student's progress and learn their strengths & weaknesses. Professors hold "Office Hours" to give students the opportunity to see them for help when they're struggling in class. Believe me, most of these professors give a sh*t about their students.- Diversity: USF has one of the most diverse campuses I've seen. I've always been placed in an environment that was Asian-dominated, so being surrounded by many more cultures was a breath of fresh air. - Location: Being in the heart of the city gives students the opportunity to explore the city beyond touristy attractions. One of my classes during my first year at USF required me to check out Crissy Field for a writing assignment and that's when I learned there was much more to the city than the Golden Gate Bridge and the world's most crooked road.- Size: USF's campus is much smaller compared to other campuses. You never have to leave for a class more than 10 minutes from where you are.- Food: USF promotes healthy and organic food and offers a great variety in the University Center. Some days they'll have special tables/bars (i.e. fresh sushi bar, omelet station, crepe station). - Classes: Coupled with USF's good professors and class size, classes are definitely challenging. Of course, it all depends on how much a student wants to be challenged since they register for the classes of their choice. Professors take attendance, so it encourages students to actually attend the class.The Bad:- Professors on tenure: It wasn't until I took a few classes with some professors on tenure that I noticed they were that small percentage of professors that don't really care about their students. Sure these are the professors students love to hang out with and grab a drink with, but they don't gain anything in the long-run. Students will leave a class thinking they passed with flying colors and are experts only to realize next semester that isn't the case when they take the intermediate version of their class, which is what happened to me. Professors on tenure have no motivation to do well because they can't get fired. No matter how many students pass or fail their class, they've secured a sweet deal for the rest of their career.- Expensive: San Francisco alone is already an expensive place to be in - whether you live there, you're shopping there, or even grabbing a bite to eat there. Being a private university, USF is definitely no exception. Textbooks are RIDICULOUSLY expensive. I've paid over $200 to get the most recent editions of textbooks when older once can easily suffice.In terms of meals, first and second year students that live on campus are given a plan where their IDs are loaded with a certain amount of money they can spend at the Bookstore and on food. When I attended it was $1700/semester I believe. By the end of the school year, students are scrambling to spend every last cent because that money isn't refundable.The Ugly:The administrative part of USF is the worst I've ever experienced. They love to give you the go around, hoping you'll give up when trying to clear up any misunderstandings financially or academically. I can't tell you how many times I was sent the admin area in Malloy to Lone Mountain, back down to Malloy, sometimes to Residential Life only to get nothing done. Many times they would refuse to make a call for me to save me the trip of going back up again. I hate it when people waste my time. If I'm going to be paying you hundreds of thousands of dollars, this is the last thing I would expect from my university.Tips: - RENT your textbooks through Chegg or buy them from half.com. Do NOT buy your books from the Bookstore if you don't have to. - Verify with your professor if you can use a textbook's older edition instead of the latest one. Most of the time they'll say you can.- Never opt into a meal plan if you don't have to. If you want to buy your meals from The Caf but don't want to get taxed, just load some DonsDollars onto your card.

27. I transferred to USF after one semester at LMU, for all the same reasons why USF is getting negative reviews - snobs and rich kids.HOWEVER, because of my experience at LMU, I have to disagree with what everyone is saying about USF.When you're in high school, it's small.  You have not seen the world yet.  Everyone basically acts the same way.  So if you're from a high school with extremely down-to-earth and relaxed students, you think this is the norm.  College is a lot bigger, with people from all over the place.  You're going to meet idiots, b*tches, snobs, assholes, etc, ANYWHERE you go.  However, what makes each college different is the AMOUNT of these socially unaccepted groups of people.LMU was 95% snobs and rich kids.  I transferred to USF and I find myself being a lot more comfortable in my own skin.  LMU is very snobby.  USF CAN be snobby-ISH.So people think USF is bad with the "snobs"?  Go to LMU, or even Pepperdine.  USF is great and it is diverse.  It is not possible to have an entire university with your favorite type of people in it unless you pull an Adolf Hitler.  Then that just puts you in the "asshole" category.

28. If I knew what kind of drama would be heading my way I would have gone to a different school. The faculty in some departments don't get along well and it spills over into the students experience. Tuition in INSANE unless you're an ROTC member. Classes are getting cut and there is a lack of school spirit.There are a few professors here that make you enjoy learning and get you excited about classes but they too are far and few between. The best thing about the campus is that there are beautiful views of the Golden Gate Bridge and downtown..

29. Great school to study. The professors are great and they really make the school a positive learning environment

30. Awesome school! :-) Completed my MA here and it was sooo worth it! I learned soooo much! I read so much! I got exposed to so much! Professors are awesome: extremely well-prepared and passionate about the subjects they teach. I really couldn't say one bad thing about this school! :-)

31. Great School so far:)

32. I am so proud and thrilled to be going to such an amazing school. I have had tons and tons of help and opportunity, and I feel extremely prepared to enter into the world. The faculty within the Psych Dept. are fantastic and knowledgeable. I believe that their push for social justice is also a great, great thing that all schools need to relay to their students.The atmosphere is great also! The campus is beautiful and the financial aid has been incredible for my younger sister and me.In addition, the surrounding city is just incredible and full of opportunities that most college students and graduates would never have. I look forward to possibly going to Graduate school at USF soon. GO DONS

33. I NEVER ATTENDED THIS UNIVERSITY, AND THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THEIR ADMISSIONS OFFICE.Their customer service is rude, and the university is greedy for more money. They do not make exceptions to give a $600 refund for a "non-refundable" tuition deposit under any circumstances.

34. UGH.  Let me just say I've been to University of San Francisco several times and done research on its MBA program.  I absolutely am impressed and am particularly grateful that there are also options for stipend for tuition expenses by being a teaching assistant as I've always wanted to teach business for potential students in a more socially-minded, critical-thinking manner.  I've even attended USF's MBA information session as far back as in June 2009.However, something's changed as far as USF's outreach for its graduate programs and in part it could be because the school (at least the MBA program) has relocated to what used to be the old office of the satellite campus of University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business on Howard Street.  In addition, whereas in June 2009 at USF's campus (think it was Lone Mountain one but forget) I got to meet faculty & students in a warm, inviting way, at USF's Downtown campus open houses at Howard Street the tone is different now: You meet mainly admissions advisers, financial aid advisers and some students but no faculty and really no chance to network or follow up and hear more on the program.  In fact, the regular USF MBA program Open Houses are no longer than one hour whereas the one in June 2009 I attended was longer, more low key.  The latter one I attended made me feel faculty and students really do want to welcome attendees and I certainly felt it was a warm environment.  Professors went up to you one-on-one and there was friendly mingling.However, when I finally applied for USF's MBA program July 2013, weeks later I my application was rejected.  Obviously I had every right like any applicant to hear feedback in entirety so if I were to ever apply again in the next admission cycle, I'd know what to expect.Here's the USF MBA Admission Requirements as stated:  usfca.edu/management/gra…Official Transcript(s)ResumeLetters of RecommendationEssayGMAT/GRE (no stated minimum test score requirement)Interview (probably applies if admissions needs to interview applicants)English ProficiencyWell, when I called admissions, one of the advisers, Elisabeth Merkel, told me the reason why my USF MBA program application was rejected was because of low GMAT scores. Disappointed but respective of the decision, I asked her for a fuller assessment or perhaps ability to talk with admissions decision person who chose to reject my application.  She wouldn't go into details, even though I specifically wrote an optional essay (applicants have this option) to clarify that the reason why I got a lower GMAT score (with exception of a high "5" on written essay part of exam) was because Pearson VUE could not accept my documentation verifying my disability for accommodations on extended time on the exam and due to financial burden I could not get a disability reassessment (even though I got reassessment in 2000).  That didn't stick so Merkel went on and in any questions or concerns I had on additional information, she kept saying, "Again...." and then pointed out to me that my matter had to be deferred to Pearson VUE.  Basically, whatever I asked to clarify and what I explained on my application, Merkel was giving me a rather snooty response every time and all about, "next time..." and not even mentioning things I did well on application (like the many extracurricular activities, associations I was apart of and essay).  You could tell my face turned red and I was angry at the end of the call.  I expect more transparency from an admissions department, even if it's to know both positives and negatives about my application.Note I was already trying to leave my MBA program at another school as I needed to graduate from an MBA program with AACSB accreditation (but have to date only taken three foundation courses), I've had to continue to take courses so I wouldn't be wasting more time on my MBA studies and have found SFSU's MBA program to be 1) $45,000+ compared to USF's which is $72,296 and 2) More transparent and accommodating to my needs.  And get this:  SFSU accepts waivers for ALL foundation courses (Financial Accounting, Marketing Management, Financial Management, Intro to Management, etc.) in its MBA vs. USF (which only accepts two course waivers) and the SFSU's MBA program is wait... hear this...  AACSB accredited like USF's!  Who knew?For a school that's supposedly got a focus on community and social issues, USF's graduate business admissions department sure doesn't make it sound like it is with my infighting with them.  The school could be elitist (after all, it's a private school) but that's probably just USF Graduate Admissions.  USF's MBA program has videos promoting its outreach with Salesforce but instead of this, the school should focus on QUALITY, not promoting itself like it's the MBA program for Google & hot-shot entrepreneurs.

35. I LOVE USF!! Small campus but it is really beautiful! The professors are really nice and care about students. You will feel like you are not just counted as a number but involved by the community. You cannot beat the location: it is safe, 20 minutes MUNI to downtown, delicious Chinese restaurants around everywhere. Students are friendly and helpful. Although it is expensive and does not have as much reputation as Berkeley and Stanford nearby... I will recommend senior high school students to try this school!!

36. Too expensive, but easy to get out in 4 years and find a decent job. Small classes, beautiful campus, religion not thrown down your throught. Lone Mt stairs got my ass and legs in sweet shape. Graduated with honors and learned  alot and this may not have been possible in another school. Small though, after 4 years u recognize everyone. Most teachers were great. Dorms sucked. quite a bit of rich kids warning. otherwise the cool international population of students makes up for the twats.

37. Hmmm what can I say about USF? Only that if I could take my college years back I would. Don't waste Harvard pricetags in this school. Really. If you like being challenged, love passionate professors who care, and expect a rigorous yet rewarding college career... then... DO NOT GO HERE!!!In USF, you will encounter the most disorganized private educational institution. No one has their shit together, whether it's the English department, or the business department, or the science department. As an English major we read books that are targeted to highschool students. USF also has an acceptance rate of about 75% (that they keep VERY hush-hush). In order to not offend anyone I won't say much more about this... except that in each class I've had here in 4 years there's been AT LEAST 3-4 students with a HS GPA of 2.0. Some brag about having around a 1.9 yet still gets grants from USF? (We call this school USF - University of Stupid F***sI really wish I could say that my parents' 200k at the end of my 4 years here has done me good. But honestly, if I hadn't of forced myself to read books and articles outside of class my intellectual and emotional growth would be at an all time low. Also, security is shit. Countless robberies, 2 stabbings, some rapes (google Gillson rape 2008), and an unrelated shooting that still occurred on campus.THIS IS NOT A SCHOOL FOR SERIOUS STUDENTS. RUN AWAY!

38. School of Education rocks!! Next month I will graduate with my special education credential and a MA in learning and instruction.  The program drew me because you start working right away while you are in school. It is scary, but I prefer it to taking a lot of theory classes, and then doing student teaching, and then finally start to get paid. You must realize you still don't have a clue about how to teach.Dr. Oh is amazing! My cohort is now 20, so there is a lot of time for individual help when it arises. It is expensive. You're right. There isn't much way to get around that, but you are guaranteed classes and in the time frame they tell you. It is much smaller, so you aren't just one of many faces, and the campus is really pretty. You can sign up for TEAMS/Americorp to help defray some costs, but be forewarned-some of those seminars are just plain painful to sit through.

39. USF is so hypocritical! It touts itself as being a social justice university, yet accepts signing bonuses from huge corporations such as Coca Cola and Nike, which are known to create human rights abuses in India and elsewhere. USF is going corporate, so don't expect much "Jesuit" out of this school! It used to be that if you were schooled by the Jesuits, you had received an outstanding, well-rounded education. Nowadays there are maybe two Jesuits teaching, and the rest are adjunct faculty, who are themselves exploited by the administration. Goodbye, Jesuit education. Hello corporate, bottom line USF.

40. I graduated from USF in 2009 with a degree in Accounting & Finance.  Here's the lowdown:Advantages:1. Small classes2. Beautiful campus3. Great professors (check RateMyProfessor.com to select the best ones)4. Centrally located to everything in SFDisadvantages1. Lacks a collegial community feeling (a decent percentage of students are commuters, there's no dominant sports team)2. Its expensive (live off campus after your first year, avoid the cafeteria!)3. Some of the students are subpar (this is calculus and you don't know what PEMDAS is?)In sum, I enjoyed my time here and I highly recommend it.

41. I didn't go here for school, so I'm reviewing this purely from a visitor/tourist standpoint. This school has a lot of beautiful buildings, and recent construction has made the cafe/dining hall/lounge really nice too. The admin building looks practically like a church! The actual church, St. Ignatius, is gorgeous...definitely take a step inside.

42. Great Art Dept!! Teachers and advisors are here for you! They really seem to care. CAPS is the best place to go to for counseling. UC/SLE building is awesome and has great opportunities to reach out and be a big part of our little (getting bigger) community. On-campus Organization advisors and admin are the best, so helpful and always available for feedback on ideas I've had about my future career goals, plus more. However...Admin. really needs to get their act together. Upward Bound was almost nixed for reasons of "lack of space"... and now second-year students and beyond are being (and have been) pushed out to the SF city for housing because of lack of space. This lack of space created by the larger incoming freshman classes. I love expansion and growth, but that should start after the admin has gotten their act together and really had a solid plan to accommodate ALL. Financial Aid office people are only really helpful if you go to the office up the 150 stairs of Lone Mtn. As an incoming freshman I was not notified about problems with my financial aid as other institutions may do for their NEW students. **emphasis on the NEW.

43. Just a quick visit. Beautiful campus!I love the history there and also all the modern changes they've made too. Their dorm cafeteria is so nice and modern! I didn't try the food but it looked good! The church is breathless! just beautiful! I'm not a student just a prospective student so I can't tell you about the faculty there. But the education there isn't cheap! The gym and Olympic sized indoor pool is AWESOME!!!

44. What other school puts a free on campus ice skating rink in the week before finals? NONE

45. Graduated in the 1990's. Glad to see people hold the school in high regard. I mean look at SFSU reviews.

46. This is for the Lone Mountain Campus...What can I say, I love USF! Awesome location, beautiful campus, diverse population, small class sizes...I'm also a bit biased...I work here and I'm a double alum ;)

47. Graduated from USF and its a awesome school. Tuition maybe expensive but the experience is worth it. Parking is the hardest thing to find, valet parking is an option.

48. Im inthe shool of Ed getting my teaching credential, and I LOVE IT. Inspired classmates, brilliant and accomplished professors, and a beautiful campus with chill atmosphere. I am an athiest Jew, so it speaks volumes that the whole Catholic thing doesn't impede on my education (besides the whole wooden cross over every whiteboard in the School of Ed.).They give 40% disount for working for/volunteering at a Catholic school, which is AMAZING. The office is a bit inundated with beaurocracy, which I am disappointd in, being it is supposed to be a perk of a private school to have a closer-knit sysetm... but hey - welcome to the insitution of academia.

49. This school is absolutely gorgous.  No, I don't go here, but I visited this weekend because I'm applying here.  It's my number one choice.  Now that I've seen the campus, I'm glad.It's a small, 55-acre campus with a little population.  The tour guide told us that class sizes are only about 29 students for core classes.  Which I found really funny, because in my high school, my english class has almost 40 kids.  Plus, there are currently 676 kids in my graduating class.  So, it's nice to know that this school has a personal feel.  Because you have to fight to get know your counselor at my high school.The workers at the admissions office were also really glad to help and answer any of the questions I asked.  I do admit though, it was a pain to walk up Lone Mountain.  I had to go up there 3 times; that's 726 stairs!  (I'm from Houston; we don't walk anywhere, haha.)  But once you get to the top, the view of St. Ignatius church is breathtaking.  I asked some student around the campus how they felt about going there; everyone I talked to seemed sincerly happy.As for the monetary issues concerned with going to this school, I don't see why this school would be too expensive.  They pay 2/3 of your tuition if you get a 30 on the ACT or a 1320 on the math and reading sections of the SAT.  That's cool with me; I got a 28 on my ACT the first two times and I'm waiting for my third scores. :DUSF, here I come (hopefully)!

50. Let me first start off by saying, I did NOT want to go to USF. My parents had forced me to go to this school to be close to home and as a result I hated it for the first 2 years. I didn't make an effort to make friends, i would only be on campus to go to class and I didn't care too much for my grades.After getting over myself, I decided to make the best of my college experience. And now I can say that i loved going to USF and I wouldn't have gone to another college for my undergrad.PROS:-small class size: teachers make an effort to learn your name. most classes take attendance (which many people will consider a con) but honestly it gives you motivation to go to class.-professors: the professors here know what they are talking about. they are professional and knowledgeable and they really do want you to succeed. they provide as much help and guidance as you need.-location: its in san fucking francisco. the best city to go to college in. trust.-extracurricular activities: there are so many opportunities to join clubs, organizations, association, sororities and fraternities. It allows you to meet great people and really get involved. RUSH ALPHA PHI OMEGA!-food: USF has pretty good food compared to other colleges food I've tried. They really encourage you to eat healthy and organic. The sandwiches and salads they custom make are the best! and the sushi bar is bomb as well.-campus: the church is amazinggg and the campus is small but very nice (who really wants to walk hella miles to get from class to class?). Lone Mountain is beautiful and worth the trek up the stairs. When you're in the reading room in LM i swear you feel like your in Hogwarts. They've also recently done some major remodeling and from what I've seen its gorgeous.-the people: honestly what changed my perspective about usf the most are the people i've met. they are amazing and i will never forget the ridiculous memories we've had (ie- jumping in the fountain in front of the atrium on a freezing December night)-academics: the classes will really challenge you at USF. be prepared to work hard. it's really great preparation for joining the work force after graduating. They are also one of the few colleges that provides my major, entrepreneurship. holla!CONS:-the rich kids: I don't have anything against rich people but USF has some weird ass rich kids. You have your hippie rich kids who pretend that they don't come from money by not taking showers and banging on drums on the grass, you have the rich international students that come to class with a new balenciaga bag every week, you have your douche bag rich boys driving around in their lambos and ferraris (parking them in the handicap spaces of course), and you have your rich kids who boost about their wordly travels and immense wealth whenever they get a chance.-Tuition: i'm going to be paying off school loans for a long long time.-University of Single Females: ladies the female to male ratio here is definitely not to your benefit. Hella girls. Very few boys. The boys that are here are slim pickens.. so don't count on meeting your future husband here.With USF you really get out of it what you put into it. The school provides you with the tools to succeed and have a great college experience but it's really up to you to utilize those tools and make it happen. Trust me, i learnt this the hard way.